Future ideas

1. new vocabulary: when a word is discarded because not in tokeniko's vocabulary, it can start being a real entity TKDictionary stored in a staging collection and with the vector populated with 2925 zeros. It's a new word for him. We need to figure out a system to let it grow until the point that it may be possible to insert it in the real dictionary (trusted source, used in context, given a definition (which can land on the definitions collection)). All still blurry, but I think it's amazing: take for example a sentence like "this is a new wrod". If tokeniko analyze it, it will realize that he's missing vocabulary and trigger a WHY (what is X?). Then the user can say, ah sorry it's a typo, I meant "word" and so on. You can see that now wrod (which is a common typo for word) may start having the same vector of word (and maybe a flag: common typo alias). Something like it, still need to figure out the details but let me mark this hunch.

2. If a "definition" lands on tokeniko's definitions and it is referring a word not in his dictionary (a way a definition can land is trough a future feature: web retrieval of trusted sources, like well curated items in wikipedia, official accounts on bluesky, etc). Not 1.0 trust, but with some degree of authority. So tokeniko has a definition for a word he doesn't not resolve semantically but from a definition with some trust. He may be able, wondering, to derive this word, and increase his dictionary. Derive because the definition may match definitions of already known words and, through chaining and reasononing, he can then identify "akjshdkajshd" = "cat" (which is not the case, but just to make a point). This is a cool feature.

3. As anticipated in 2, we may end up building a web retrieval engine, to retrieve trusted information and enrich his KB.